polite welcome back to another video I
hope you do a really good and you're
keeping it safe and well at the moment
in today's video I'm going to be going
through a bunch of different healthy
recipes easy oats as the main ingredient
I use those religiously every single day
mainly like for breakfast and I just
love how many different recipes that you
can make out of them and they're really
tasty and satisfying but I felt like
this was quite appropriate as well
because I know it's bitter with you at
the moment to get certain ingredients
and stuff but I feel like we've all got
some oats knocking around somewhere in a
cupboard before we was written to it if
you could hit this video with a like I
would really appreciate it but I managed
to get a big 1 kg bag of oats from my
protein are gonna last many months
because it's such a big bag and I've
emptied it into like a plastic container
so yeah that is of course like your main
ingredient and then everything else you
can pretty much substitute or take off
like I'm going to use protein in all of
these recipes so you don't have to use
that so the first recipe I'm going to
start with is some chocolate overnight
oats these are so so good one of my
favorites at the moment because you can
have them cold and with it being a bit
warmer it's just like a bit fresher to
have that and all you do is let you just
do it before you go to bed
swirl it in a wooden bowl thing and it's
ready for the morning or you can do it
like early morning have it mid-afternoon
he's gonna need some protein I'm using
it cookies and cream whey protein flavor
Oh cacao powder or you could use that
hot chocolate powder the milk I have
actually ran out of almond milk so I'm
just using what I've got in water of a
banana peanut butter some vanilla flavor
drops these have got no sugar in and
some chia seeds I'll leave these links
below you don't have to use these that
you could just substitute them for
whatever you prefer or don't add them
but I just think it adds to the flavor
this is a super easy recipe I'm just
gonna measure out my good not luck say
about you and you need like got a
quarter of this 50 grams of banana and
just gonna mash the banana in the
container so it's easier than doing it
in like the wooden bowl then I'm just
gonna take like a fancy glass and use
this to put all the oats in like say all
you do is throw all the ingredients in
one and mix together you could use a
bowl as well or any other like glass but
just make sure it's big enough to
sitting and measuring out 40 grams of
oats
and I'm going to pour the Bernard
20 grams of whey protein I'm going to
add 150 milliliters of the milk you
could use water as well the spoon of
peanut butter
[Music]
now teaspoons of chia seeds
I'm just going to add or drop it but the
nailart flavor drops and literally just
stir that all together and then just
gonna pop some cling film on the top of
it that in pretty pretty easy one jar
but here's that overnight
oh they turned out really nice I just
put a tiny bit of banana on top and
cacao nibs so the next one you're
probably gonna be like important if you
haven't heard of it is baked oats oh my
god I only discovered this quite
recently and it's so good it's like
eating like a little mini banana loaf
but it's obviously not and it's the
exact same like macros as like your
usual protein oats so really really
tasty so I'll show you this one but
first off just pre-heat your oven to
about 180 degrees it takes about 20
minutes in the oven depending on like
how gooey or like crunchy you want that
soresina morning it does take a bit
longer than your usual oats but this
would be nice and like a Sunday I
thought this one it's pretty much the
same ingredients for all of them so of
course your protein some oat meal egg
whites I've got these from muscle food
but you could also just use like one egg
white you know it from normal egg or
fruit frozen fruit baking powder that
just makes it rise a little bit so for
this I'm just measuring out my usual
40 grams of overs into a container and
2000 C 150 grams of milk it is the same
and one egg white
by heart TSP a square of vanilla
flavored drops 5 grams of the berry like
the frozen berries you could use that
one frozen or whatever like fruit we
prefer and then just give back or stir
around and I'm just gonna put a little
bit of coconut oil or you could use like
a bit of butter they're just some sort
of fat so that it doesn't completely
stick to the bottom you could also use
like baking paper as where I get then
that is ready to go in the oven for
about 20 minutes
doggy's mine just ladies there right the
rid of this law absolutely never wakes
up when I'm stuck in here just so used
to me and my tired I have really outdone
myself here this looks so good and if
wouldn't you would never believe it was
like warm portions worth good and I'm so
excited to share it with you look at
that it looks like a cake and I just
wish you could smell it through this
grease Oh so I was absolutely unreal so
this took about 20 minutes but just keep
an eye on it because I like it a little
bit like something more on the moist
side rather than crispy and a very sort
of like muffins now quantity it's so so
good
[Music]
so now we are moving on to the protein
coat pancakes it's pretty much the same
ingredients I'll show you with the cacao
powder you could use that hot chocolate
powder you don't even have to add it at
all you could have been playing oh yeah
I really think a banana makes a little
difference and I quite like adding a
little bit of baking powder it just
makes them rise a little bit hot wine or
in a blender it just saves quite a lot
of time makes everything quick so this
one again he's going to need some folks
and some protein I'm using the exact
same flavor in everything it's just my
holy grail of a protein so lots of milk
and you should use any milk you fancy
one whole banana some ground cinnamon
this readers make a difference play the
drops in a vanilla flavor
raw some cacao powder baking powder so
this one I would advise to always add in
your milk first otherwise that oats get
stuck in the bottom of the blender it
being there does not so many time about
150 to 160 milk a whole banana which
book these will be like varying in
weight but that's 92 grams of banana
you're gonna add 20 grams
and that's 40 grams Oh cinnamon flavor
drops and a teeny bit of baking powder
teaspoon bottle which we've got five
grams okay I'm just gonna pop the lid on
this and then dig this at the land so
just to add you don't not over blend
this so just be careful or mindful of
that
so the pancakes I'm just going to add a
little bit of coconut oil to the pan and
then I've just transferred the mixture
into this like container with the
pourable thing so it doesn't make as
much mess and then you want to have your
pan like hot but on a low heat
I flipped my pancakes when they stop
[Music]
here are the chocolate pancakes
I just thought I've done it huh and then
here are the chocolate pancakes rich
it's like a dessert
I sprinkled some like chocolate dark
chocolate on top as well and just a
sprinkle of cinnamon just finished
making the pancakes and she ran over I
probably recommend using a whole egg
rather than the egg white for the
pancake just because it ends up being a
bit stuck on the bottom of the palette I
didn't manage but yeah just probably so
the what there is like two portions of
that fiendish oh oh my god I feel like
this is my parameters I'll show you
everything
I'm so happy having today is one of my
favorites at the moment and new edition
it looks like a blueberry like a berry
muffin so here are my finished
Oh creations so happy with them and you
could have these like as a snack as well
as like a dessert with ice cream the
science you could do then and obviously
if you might substitute whatever you
fancy so that brings us to the end of
this video I really hope you enjoyed it
I loved making these work and let me
know what other videos you would like to
see and I'll see you guys in the next
video